Add a link to the related KB article (#3133)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SharePoint: SharePoint/SharePointOnline/make-site-content-searchable.md

  
> [!NOTE]
> Search results are always security trimmed, so users will only see content they have permission to see. The search settings only define what content is included in the search index.
> 

> > Please be aware that there are specific scenarios when the users have permissions to see the content but are still unable to find it in the search results. Refer to the article: https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/sharepoint/troubleshoot/search/search-results-dont-appear-for-group-owners for more details.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> There are specific scenarios where users have permissions to see the content but are still unable to find it in the search results. For more details, see [Search results don't appear for group owners after creating a new Office 365 group](/sharepoint/troubleshoot/search/search-results-dont-appear-for-group-owners).
```
